List of things left to do:

Fix login page
	No scrolling, no white space when keyboard shows up  (enhancement) 
	An error message when user type wrong password or name

Profile Image
	DONE temporary fix: add a person icon onto that circle box 
	// I was thinking a generic computer person icon but now I actually 
	// think the photo match the campus vibe, so it’s okay. (enhancement) 
	permenant fix: let user take profile image from camera or gallery

LANDLORD
	Add landlord page
		add the check for email 
		(isn’t that already implement in the register page?)
		add a check for phone number 
		(maybe find an online angular js directive for this?)
		
	Fix back buttons for landlord pages. 
		the back button to the add property page should go
 		to corresponding landlord detail page if navigate from landlord 
		and to property detail page if navigate from property
		Use the state param stuffs for this 

	Basic Search on first and last name
		should we search using the property address too? 
	CSS on landlord list page
		feel free to get rid of the person icons 
		if it looks better without ti
	landlord detail page
		need to build the review section
		more CSS, perhaps put the person icon here instead
			b/c so much white space currently 

	And the save landlord page. 

	There might be a bug with the landlord rating.
	When I update John Kirk’s rating to 7.6 in the db,
	change not reflected on app. Maybe a caching problem. 

Property
	Put a list of landlord onto the detail page somewhere (enhancement)

Give every property an image to be displayed in the feed format (enhancement)
  If no reviews, overall rating should be '-'. Should be black  
  // right now, it’s red 0 for property list and black 0 for landlord 
  Change the css for ratings with two digits on location detail page. 

Reviews
  Add new categories (enhancement)
  Make it beautiful (enhancement) 

Add spinners (required b/c parse is so slow)and error messages to pages (enhancement)
Need spinner on the location detail page because loading image is slow,

Completed things: 
  SPINNERS DONE SO FAR: login, register, location feed (NEED TO ADD THEM BACK)
  Calculate average of reviews. Just sum of ratings/reviews.length
  Able to save a landlord into a database
  basic version of a landlord list page
  basic version of a landlord detail page with properties feature, no reviews yet.
  Error messages on the add property page 

And check the github page https://github.com/hoodsr/myoffcampus/wiki/What-we-still-need-to-do%3F . 

